hey guys this episode of character bios
is really cool actually at least i think
it's pretty cool because it's 1 i'm sure
lot of you are familiar with yet not
fully familiar with and that's the
infinity gems now you're probably
wondering you're like josh the affiliate
gems aren't a character there an object
in the marvel universe into that or
respond you're right but at the same
time you're wrong actually the history
of the infinity gems goes pretty deep if
you actually go into some of the comics
that were done like in the 70s 80s and
you know every once in a while you know
certain riders like ben des actually
does this a lot which surprises me
personally but bettin is will reference
like you know offhand stuff that was
done in the past that other writers
don't really you know remember or want
to you know keep in their own continuity
of sorts but one of those things is
actually the infinity gems now you're
probably like what do you mean like what
is this you know left out thing I'm
talking about and that is the fact that
not only is there a seventh infinity gem
but also there is up you know the finis
gems arshia being it's a character which
is you know thus while I'm doing a
character bios on the infinity gems now
I'm gonna go straight into it uh the
origin now before the Marvel multiverse
there were three beings essentially in
this kind of void of nothingness there
is the one above all at the very very
top which is pretty much God then there
is a living tribunal which I got
essentially judges and keeps balance
overall all the multiverse and then
there's the third being which was
something called nemesis a nemesis was
made by the one above all with the
intention of creation so this being it's
a she she was essentially supposed to do
you know a lot of the creation of like
you know the universe is and you know
life and all that stuff I'm not really
sure in a deeper sense how it all fits
together within the Marvel multiverse
but at all in all that's what her origin
is so she's a being of extreme power and
obviously as a being of creation she
wanted to create life of her own stylee
though after she created life you know
she was extremely saddened that you know
this life she made cannot understand
certain concepts such as good and evil I
wish you know honestly I would hate to
see her creations take a philosophy
class in that case but bad jokes aside
nemesis eventually became so emotional
about this she actually committed
suicide kind of the first suicide really
in the Marvel multiverse now due to her
immense power instead of death she
became seven gems each gem containing a
certain ability that she had scattering
across the universe sis technically
really scattering through the multiverse
every universe in the multiverse
essentially has its own infinity gems
for you know for better for worse kind
of thing these gems uh you know
throughout history eventually became
classified as you know the power gem
soul gem reality gem time gem space jam
and mine gem with the seventh gem being
called the ego gem now the ego gem in
particular was very unique because it
wasn't duplicated across multiverses the
only ego gem was transported to the
ultra verse which was a special universe
in its own because it didn't have any
infinity gems also which ensured that
she would never come back together
because essentially what the ego gem is
is her consciousness so of all the six
gems which make up the opinion gauntlet
were to come into contact with the ego
gem or be in the same universe as the
ego gem they would all forcefully come
back together as one being making
Nemesis once again so that's why the ego
gem you know was kept somewhere it won't
be able to come back together so to
speak now that's pretty much for her
history I thought it's very brief very
straight to the point but at the same
time it's kind of interesting I doubt
we're going to see this in the Marvel
Cinematic Universe I doubt anytime soon
we're going to see this in comics but
you never know anyways her abilities I
color-coordinated it with the color of
the gems power gem for example unlimited
strength unlimited durability energy
projection the time gem time and if you
you know a stopping time all stuff and
also for site which is pretty much
precognition then the Space Jam gives
you teleportation sodium gives you sole
interaction which is pretty interesting
concept on its own you know the whole
thing was like interacting with Souls
taking away souls just that whole
consulates very meta then there's
reality gem which has reality
manipulation which is very
all-encompassing so it's really hard to
really define you know what the reality
gem does the others can't you know like
what the other gems do that the reality
I'm can't do kind of thing like it's
very very a fluid line that it crosses
then there's the mind gem which has
telepathy and telekinesis primarily
that's like the big mental abilities it
gives now I just want to say this now
because a lot of people do get confused
about this the gem colors and the comics
do not correspond the gem colors in the
MCU for example in thor the dark world
it was confirmed that the Infinity still
infinity gem and that movie was the
reality one which obviously you know
from the core color coordination I have
here in the comics it's the yellow one
it's not ready so you know it's kind of
confusing in that sense but all in all I
hope you guys you know find this very
interesting i hope you guys learn from
this somewhat um I thought further ado
I'll see you guys on saturday asset
because we're going to do the character
bios now at every tuesday and saturday
so saturday is actually Batman earth to
which is pretty fun I've been having
that one on standby for a few months now
ever since they revealed his identity
and whatnot and then Thursday we have
another super science this one will
focus on the Green Lantern rings which
is pretty cool on its own did a lot of
reading for that one so oh no i'll see
you guys then and uh yeah have a good
day
you